feat: Update documentation for .NET 9 and MAUI (#957)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/parse-server/push-notifications-android.md

```

```csharp
// XAMARIN/.NET MAUI: Application.cs

> // IMPORTANT: Change "parseXAMARIN/.NET MAUIpushsample" to match your namespace.
> [Application(Name = "parseXAMARIN/.NET MAUIpushsample.ParseApplication")]

Reviewer: Is this really a recommendable app name, with spaces and special chars like dot and slash? Looks like you did a find/replace here. Maybe keep it simple:

```suggestion
// Important: change "parsepushexample" to match your namespace
[Application(Name = "parsepushexample.ParseApplication")]
```

Author: Underscores or no spaces!
My fault here, for not checking that one after doing a quick replacement of Xamarin to MAUI.

On that!
